.\" Manpage for rclonefzf
.TH RCLONEFZF 1 "2026-01-06" "1.0.5" "rclonefzf manual"

.SH NAME
rclonefzf \- interactive terminal UI for browsing rclone remotes using fzf

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rclonefzf
[\fIOPTIONS\fR]
[\fISEARCH QUERY\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rclonefzf
is a terminal-based interactive browser for rclone remotes powered by
.BR fzf (1).
It allows users to select configured rclone remotes, recursively browse
files, preview file contents using
.BR rclone\ cat ,
and manage selections using a keyboard-driven interface.

Configuration is loaded from standard XDG locations, and behavior such as
themes, layout, preview window, and keybindings can be customized.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-k, \-\-keybindings
Show the list of available keybindings and exit.

.TP
.B \-\-init-config
Install an example configuration file to the XDG config directory and exit.

.TP
.B \-\-show-config
Print the example configuration file to stdout and exit.

.TP
.B \-h
Show the short help text and exit.

.TP
.B \-\-help
Show full help, including keybindings and config file locations, and exit.

.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Show the rclonefzf version and exit.

.SH USAGE
.TP
.B rclonefzf
Launch the interactive main menu and select a configured rclone remote.

.TP
.B rclonefzf "query"
Launch rclonefzf with an initial fzf search query.

.SH KEYBINDINGS
.TP
.B ENTER
Perform action on the current selection.

.TP
.B TAB
Select item.

.TP
.B Shift\-TAB
Unselect item.

.TP
.B Ctrl\-a
Select all items.

.TP
.B Ctrl\-d
Deselect all selected items.

.TP
.B Ctrl\-l
Clear the current search query and screen.

.TP
.B Ctrl\-Backspace
Clear the current search query.

.TP
.B Ctrl\-/
Cycle fzf layout and preview window position.

.TP
.B Ctrl\-v
Toggle the preview window.

.TP
.B ?
Show keybindings.

.TP
.B Ctrl\-c
Exit rclonefzf.

.TP
.B Ctrl\-w
Exit rclonefzf.

.TP
.B ESC
Exit rclonefzf.

.SH CONFIGURATION
rclonefzf reads configuration files in the following order, using the
first file found:

.RS
.IP \(bu 2
.B $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/rclonefzf/rclonefzf.conf
.IP \(bu 2
.B $HOME/.config/rclonefzf/rclonefzf.conf
.IP \(bu 2
.B $HOME/.rclonefzf.conf
.RE

Configuration files are standard shell syntax and override default values.

.SH CONFIG OPTIONS
Common configuration variables include:

.TP
.B THEME
Set the fzf color theme.
Built-in themes include:
.BR default ,
.BR light ,
.BR tokyo-night ,
and
.BR neon .

.TP
.B PREVIEW_WINDOW
Controls the fzf preview window layout and size.
Passed directly to fzf’s
.BR --preview-window
option.

.TP
.B ENABLE_PREVIEW
Enable or disable the preview window.
Valid values:
.B true
or
.B false .

.TP
.B LAYOUT
Set fzf layout.
Valid values:
.B default
or
.B reverse .

.TP
.B BORDER
Set fzf border style.
Valid values:
.B default
or
.B rounded .

.TP
.B VERBOSE
Enable verbose logging output.

.TP
.B RCLONEFZF_PAGER
Pager used to display help, config, and keybindings
(e.g.
.BR less ,
.BR bat ).

.TP
.B RCLONE_MAX_DEPTH
Maximum directory depth used when listing and previewing files.

.SH DEPENDENCIES
rclonefzf requires the following commands to be available in PATH:

.RS
.IP \(bu 2
.B rclone
.IP \(bu 2
.B fzf
.RE

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Successful execution.

.TP
.B 1
An error occurred.

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR rclone (1)
.BR fzf (1)

.SH AUTHOR
Conner Will <conner.will@connerwill.com>
