.\" Manpage for rclonefzf
.TH rclonefzf 1 "2026-01-06" "2.0.1" "rclonefzf manual"

.SH NAME
rclonefzf \- interactively search, install, and remove AUR packages using fzf


.SH SYNOPSIS
.B rclonefzf [\fIOPTIONS\fR] [\fISEARCH QUERY\fR]


.SH DESCRIPTION
Search, install, and remove packages from the AUR interactively with fzf.


.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h
Show the help menu

.TP
.B \-\-help
Show the extended help menu

.TP
.B \-k, \-\-keybindings
List keybindings for rclonefzf

.TP
.B \-V, \-\-version
Show version of rclonefzf

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B $ rclonefzf
Run rclonefzf with no search query

.TP
.B $ rclonefzf fzf
Search for 'fzf' with rclonefzf

.TP
.B $ rclonefzf \-h
Show the help menu


.SH KEYBINDINGS
.TP
.B TAB
Select item

.TP
.B Shift\-TAB
Unselect item

.TP
.B Ctrl\-d
Deselect all items

.TP
.B Ctrl\-i
Install selected packages

.TP
.B Ctrl\-r
Uninstall selected packages

.TP
.B Ctrl\-u
Update all packages

.TP
.B Ctrl\-n
Next history entry

.TP
.B Ctrl\-p
Previous history entry

.TP
.B Ctrl\-/
Change layout

.TP
.B Ctrl\-v
Toggle preview window

.TP
.B HOME
Jump to top

.TP
.B END
Jump to bottom

.TP
.B PAGEUP
Scroll one page up

.TP
.B PAGEDOWN
Scroll one page down

.TP
.B Ctrl\-l
Clear search query

.TP
.B Alt\-Backspace
Clear search query

.TP
.B Alt\-Left
Delete previous word

.TP
.B Ctrl\-h
Show help

.TP
.B ?
Show keybindings

.TP
.B Ctrl\-c
Exit rclonefzf

.TP
.B Ctrl\-q
Exit rclonefzf

.TP
.B ESC
Exit rclonefzf


.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B RCLONEFZF_HISTORY
Path to the rclonefzf history file.

If the environment variable
.B RCLONEFZF_HISTORY
is defined, it will be used directly.

Otherwise, rclonefzf determines the history file path using the first
available value in the following order:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
.B $XDG_CACHE_HOME/rclonefzf/rclonefzf_history
.IP \(bu 2
.B $HOME/.cache/rclonefzf/rclonefzf_history
.IP \(bu 2
.B ~/.cache/rclonefzf/rclonefzf_history

.PP
If
.B RCLONEFZF_HISTORY
is set to any of the following values, history will be disabled and
no history file will be written:
.IP \(bu 2
.B false
.IP \(bu 2
.B False
.IP \(bu 2
.B no
.IP \(bu 2
.B No
.RE

.TP
.B RCLONEFZF_PREVIEW_WINDOW
Controls the layout and size of the fzf preview window.

The value is passed directly to fzf’s
.BR --preview-window
option.

Default:
.RS
.B bottom,43%,border-double
.RE

.TP
.B NO_COLOR
Disable all ANSI color output.

When set, rclonefzf disables:
.RS
.IP \(bu 2
fzf color themes
.IP \(bu 2
ANSI color output in messages

.PP
This follows the
.B NO_COLOR
convention used by many CLI tools.
.RE

.TP
.B NO_FX
Disable terminal effects.

When set, rclonefzf will not use terminal title save and restore
sequences.


.SH SEE ALSO
.BR fzf (1)
.BR yay (1)


.SH AUTHOR
Conner Will <conner.will@connerwill.com>
